Initial Visual Basic version of Sudoku Sample on .Net Core 3.1 (#1842)
dotnet/samples: windowsforms/Sudoku/VB/ReadMe.MD

> languages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
languages:
```

>     - vb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- vb
```

products:

>     - dotnet-core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dotnet-core
```

>     - windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- windows
```

page_type: sample

> name: ".NET Core WinForms Sudoku"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: ".NET Core WinForms Sudoku (Visual Basic)"
```

> urlFragment: "Sudoku-vb"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
urlFragment: "sudoku-vb"
```

> description: "Sudoku is a number puzzle game, played on a nine by nine cell grid"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Sudoku is a number puzzle game, played on a nine by nine cell grid"
---
```

> # Sudoku

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sudoku

```

> ## Requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requires

```

> - Visual Studio 2019 Version 16.5.0 Preview 1.0 or later

Reviewer: I think .NET Core 3.1 is released with Visual Studio 2019 version 16.4. so this example doesn't really require 16.5 ?

Author: It is the first time you can view and edit VB WinForms so it is debatable. I am good either way,

Reviewer: Oh, I didn't know that the designer for .NET Core WinForms is even released. Then, we can see @mairaw & @BillWagner opinions.

Reviewer: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/updates-to-net-core-windows-forms-designer-in-visual-studio-16-5-preview-1/

> You need to enable the designer in Visual Studio. Go to Tools > Options > Environment > Preview Features and select the Use the preview Windows Forms designer for .NET Core apps option.

I think these instructions would be helpful to add in this readme.

Reviewer: btw, Are you migrating this from an old system ? or wrote it entirely ?

Author: It is the original files from the archive, with the project file converted manually for Core 3.1, and warning/suggestions fixed (things like Make Readonly and removal of ByVal. Plus format changes required because of the default font change and Adding the ICO file

Author: If you don't enable it the first time you try, it warns you and takes you to the setting. So very discoverable. What is missing in https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/updates-to-net-core-windows-forms-designer-in-visual-studio-16-5-preview-1/ is VB but I hope that is fixed in preview-2.

> - .Net Core 3.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- .NET Core 3.1
```

## License
- MIT

## Technologies
  - Windows Forms
  - dotnet-core

## Topics
- Puzzle Game

## Updated
- 12/12/2019

> 

Reviewer: I don't see those are useful much.

Author: I copied it from archived file. I am fine deleting it.

Author: I think it is fixed

## Description

> <p><img id="182016" src="Sudoku-VB-2019-12-12-211405.jpg" alt="" width="274" height="252"></p>

Reviewer: Why the usage of HTML elements here ?
There is a markdown syntax for images. Also I think there might be a better file name for the image. Maybe just `sudoko-vb.jpg` or even `sudoko.jpg` ?

Author: Renamed the fix, no idea how to edit Markup. The HTML is from the original file. I am guessing there was a change in for format and content between what was archived and what is now being used. Once this is accepted I will use it for the game of life. Which will be the second time I have ported it, the first time was for an Intel MDS 80 in the 1980's.

---
languages:
- vb
products:
- dotnet-core
- windows
page_type: sample
name: ".NET Core WinForms Sudoku (Visual Basic)"
urlFragment: "sudoku-vb"
description: "Sudoku is a number puzzle game, played on a nine by nine cell grid"
---
# Sudoku

## Requires

- Visual Studio 2019 Version 16.5.0 Preview 1.0 or later
- .NET Core 3.1

## License
- MIT

## Technologies
  - Windows Forms
  - dotnet-core

## Topics
- Puzzle Game

## Updated
- 12/12/2019

## Description

> <p><img id="182016" src="Sudoku-VB-2019-12-12-211405.jpg" alt="" width="274" height="252"></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Sudoku image](Sudoku-VB.jpg)
```

> <p>&nbsp;</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> <p><a href="http://www.scproject.biz/sudoku.php" target="_blank"><span style="font-size:small">Online JavaScript version</span></a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Online JavaScript version](http://www.scproject.biz/sudoku.php).
```

> <p>&nbsp;</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> <p><span style="font-size:small">Sudoku is a number puzzle game, played on a nine by nine cell grid. Within thatgrid there are nine sub-regions consisting of three cells by three cells. In this&nbsp;version there are three levels of difficulty, which are Most

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sudoku is a number puzzle game, played on a nine by nine cell grid. Within that grid, there are nine sub-regions consisting of three cells by three cells. In this version, there are three levels of difficulty, which are Most clues, Medium clues, and Least clues.
```

>  clues, Medium clues,&nbsp;and Least clues.</span><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> <span style="font-size:small">Most clues gives you five random numbers from each nine cell horizontal row.Medium clues gives you four random numbers from each nine cell horizontal row.Least clues gives you three random numbers from each nine cell horizontal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most clues gives you five random numbers from each nine cell horizontal row. 
- Medium clues gives you four random numbers from each nine cell horizontal row.
- Least clues gives you three random numbers from each nine cell horizontal row.
```

>  row.</span><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> <span style="font-size:small">The object of the game is to fill the remaining cells with the integers one to&nbsp;nine. But each horizontal row can only contain one instance of each integer, andeach vertical row can only contain one instance of each integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object of the game is to fill the remaining cells with the numbers from one to nine. But each horizontal row can only contain one instance of each number, and each vertical row can only contain one instance of each number.
```

>  There is alsothe further added constraint that each sub-region can also only contain one instance&nbsp;of each integer.</span><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 There is also the further added constraint that each sub-region can also only contain one instance of each number.
```

> <span style="font-size:small">In a new game, the given numbers (clues) are rendered in red text. The numbersthat you enter are rendered in black text. There is a Solution button, which when&nbsp;clicked, reveals the correct answer to the puzzle. Any numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a new game, the given numbers (clues) are rendered in red text. The numbers that you enter are rendered in black text. There is a Solution button, which when clicked, reveals the correct answer to the puzzle. Any numbers that you have added that are correctly placed, remain rendered with black text. Any cells that were empty or had an incorrect number will display the correct number rendered in blue text.
```

 that you have addedthat are correctly placed, remain rendered with black text. Any cells that wereempty or had an incorrect integer will display the correct integer rendered inblue text.</span><br>

> <span style="font-size:small">You have won the game if after clicking the Solution button all of the numbers&nbsp;are rendered in either black or red text.</span></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You win the game if after clicking the Solution button, all of the numbers are rendered in either black or red text.
```
